I, and Sarah Haskell, as well as Natashia Fairweather, and others (Patrick D'Ambroise, Victor Condino, Ivan Vasin) have been the targets of a deliberate mind control campaign or experiment. Perpetrated by I DONT EVEN KNOW.The tragedy is that neither does the NSA or FBI, who were informed, and never gave this even a cursory glance. Additionally, several crimes were reported to the FBI, in relation to these events, that were neither investigated, nor run up the flag pole to be considered by DHS and the national security advisor. YouTube videos, personally posted, contain my phone calls with both agencies. Perhaps they each assume (without due diligence) that it is the other. How convenient for those unwilling to make the FBI better than a union stand for pay office.Or, more directly, they're lazy and failed to do their jobs.My laptop has malware (I'm a software engineer and this is something I can actually prove) which is actively used to monitor me. I'm willing to have it inspected. My girlfriend has similarly been isolated from family and society by, what I assume to be, the same individual or group.They assult us both on a daily basis using some sort of auditory weapon. We fled to Florida to escape, but were eventually found.Our assailants are cowards. They hide behind anonymity and shield themselves with lies. They have, dishonestly garnered the support of some local government authorities through mob-like tactics and act with relative impunity, despite a rash of grotesque horror shows witnessed by many.
My Uncle is half owner of adage capital, my father was a white collar crimial with enemies, my friends and I were involved in the economics of drugs (a long time ago), and my girlfriend was targetted by violent criminals. I AM SOMEONE TO WHOM EXTRODINARY MEASSURES ARE SOMETIMES EMPLOYED.
My girlfriend was tortured into lieing to authorities and friends, accusing me of crimes perpetrated by people directed to her (conjecture) by my unknown advissary.
I have looked everywhere I could for assistance. We want nothing more than to be left alone to live our lives in peace. I seek nothing more than the protection all are entitled in a country supposedly free of whimsical violence and slavery. I am addressing my representatives as a final appeal to reason: if you do not personally know the source of the voices next door, baffled, digital, rythmic, strained... perhaps you had better check. You, in theory, command those obligated to defend us from enemies foreign and domestic... how is it that one so rapacious have endured without even a determination on which of the two it is? 
