People have evolved out of our "primordial-ooze" into upright deliberate thinking conscious things, and, perhaps, had there been no physical universe, sex would 
have not existed.

There would be pleasure and love. Likely greatly overlapping. 
Or... maybe sex is the optimal expression of love, while still both primitive and human.

In a universe of consciousness only, we would think that encountering another consciousness would simply be a matter of engaging with it via whatever
senses and modes of communication were available.

In a universe consciousnesses, one (being a consciousness) would have to create, or become aware of, an interface between one's own consciousness and another's.
In the aforementioned, boring, and usual physical universe we just mentioned, this is usually done by opening a dialog ("Hi!" "How are you?"), pointing, touching, 
joining a flash mob, insighting a riot, etc...
In a universe of consciousness the boarders may be precieved visions, sounds, other senses, thoughts themselves, ideas, or... who knows... quiet a bit. And, 
although it would be convenient, one wouldn't assume that both consciousnesses would have the same preception of events. Though, like I said, this would be, 
at times, convenient.

If not for a physical universe, 'sex' would likely be one such consciousness report, intimate, and detailed.

AND IF YOU THINK OF IT!!!

We clearly have such a thing.

French kissing:
Ok. Nothing in our biology makes this a thing. We decided that's a thing, because it feels good. And we do it, and most of us like it. Some of us like it different,
and some of us literally still cant get enough of it, when it's with the right person, and they feel the same about it, though I'm almost certain this is more thought
than either of us would have given it in 1000 years if not for my psuedo-religous near death experience(s) and subsequent unbeliveable meandering through social 
turbulance resulting in nothing better to do than to write this blog entry!

My point is, we have many such conventions. And if there exists no physical universe, sex would simply have been one of them and you wouldn't even know if it was the
same thing from consciousness to consciousness, because... you wouldn't.
