I heard something the other day...

What if my consciousness was immortal? What if I had the choice of what to do about all consciousness? If somehow for one moment in history I was God. Or you were?
What would be important?
Everything.

What consciousness would you want to preserve?
Everyones, I'd assume. And, brilliantly, so that the last moment of their life in this physical universe was followed by the first moment of their existence as
consciousness beyond this.

Is that complicated? Seemingly impossibly complicated (yet, what I heard/saw/experienced said not).
There would be as many versions of you as choices you made, or could have made. Universes upon universes of consciousness which would then have to be woven into a singular
postumous consciousness.

------------------------------------------------------------------

Separate thought:

Supermassive celestial bodies cascade in spirals and loops around a (relatively) narrow entry path. Generational ship computers chart an exact entry that takes thousands
of years to execute on, even at velocities near c.

Onboard: all of the collective knowledge of the universe. The goal: to slip into a region of space for which time has, from an outside perspective,
wound down to a near halt. And there, build a society which will answer the most challenging questions about existence, consciousness, and the universe.

All this for the purpose of ensuring immortality for all consciousness, and an effective "heaven" for all life in the universe. To answer questions such as
"was this universe designed", "are we the predicessors to its designer", "does God exist, and, if so, timelessly in a singularity?"

The presumed answer to some of these questions flew in the face of what the original non spacefairing cultures thought to be the null hypothesis. For the longest time
in human history, scientists had believed it was unlikely there was an intelligence in the early universe or the pre-universe, and even more unlikely that this intelligence
constituted a "God" or intelligent designer of the Universe.

Advances in the understanding of thoughts, consciousness, and the nature of the physical universe itself, led excited peoples of countless generations to engage in what is
now thought of as "the only endevor". The attempt to "talk" to God. To take part in creation, to, quiet literally, do our neccesary part in ensuring a beautiful future 
for consciousness, fulfilling the many religion's promise of everlasting life or immortality of the soul.

To think of how complicated this endevor would actually be... first realize that it would almost certainly dictate that time travel be, not just possible, but
forthcoming, and non apocolyptic.

(Could God know: is there a physical Universe? Would there be a devine cleverness allowing One to step outside the consciousness-trap?)

Here, the problems of consciousness, immortality, time travel, the persistence of the universe, and (perhaps) the creation of the universe, are tackled the 
greatest minds of history, human and not, augmented with technologies that allow these problems to be managed, reasoned about, understood, and overcome.

(As I'm writing this, it occurs to me, not unenlightened to the fact that I'm prescribing a future, that history is littered with fictions alluding to this event.
Perhaps, most notably, Doctor Who. Wow. Cool)

How would we like the universe to end? In bliss and happiness for all consciousness that had ever existed within its multiverse of quantum decision and
higher dimensional spacetime weirdness all without the "ending" of a consiousness... which is a mathematical insanity in and of itself.

This, of couse, requires that the entire universe be instrumented for consciousness, and that any universes simulated therein also be instrumented for consciousness, 
and, stating this a second time perhaps, that any base physical universe be very instrumented for consciousness, lest we have to travel through time, ad nausia, 
connecting every consciousness to some base consciousness, which some would, perhaps, begin to refer to as "God" not knowing for sure if that was the proper thing
to do, since it would, of course, not know itself if it had "created" the universe. But, that's an appauling...ly compelling aside...

On a previously uninspired day, one mathematician (at that moment), realized he had, somewhat inadvertently, created the perfect spoken langauge, analogous to the
"holy grail" langauge of "thought" predicted by American Mathematician Matthew Vaughan in the early 21st century.
He and others began feverously to become fluent in this langauge, to add careful tact to it, and to convey only "good" or "well recieved" thoughts in this langauge, 
as speaking it was, in an almost viral way, a means of conveying a thought to a living conscious being. (Provided they had the sensory ability to precieve the 
spoken tones).
